Update pull request template with AI contribution note (#15)
holoviz/.github: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Description

<!--
Using AI? READ FIRST: https://holoviz.org/contribute.html#ai-readme

- Summarize the change and which issue is fixed.
- Include relevant motivation and context.

> - Add visuals when possible into the PR description, e.g. before/after screenshots with full code snippets.

Author: ```suggestion
- Add visuals when possible, e.g. before/after screenshots with full code snippets.
```

> - Add visuals when possible by dragging and dropping or pasting into the PR, e.g. before/after screenshots with full code snippets

Author: ```suggestion
- Add visuals when possible by dragging and dropping or pasting into the PR, e.g. before/after screenshots with full code snippets.
```

> - Add visuals when possible by dragging and dropping or pasting into the PR, e.g. before/after screenshots with full code snippets.

Author: ```suggestion
- Add visuals when possible into the PR description, e.g. before/after screenshots with full code snippets.
```
